New internal query result payload format: add instrumentation for query result payload encoding and decoding in query frontend (#4110)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] Docs: use long flag names in runbook commands. #4088
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: log caller user agent in query stats logs. #4093
* [ENHANCEMENT] Store-gateway: add `data_type` label with values on `cortex_bucket_store_partitioner_extended_ranges_total`, `cortex_bucket_store_partitioner_expanded_ranges_total`, `cortex_bucket_store_partitioner_requested_ranges_total`, `cortex_bucket_store_partitioner_expanded_bytes_total`, `cortex_bucket_store_partitioner_requested_bytes_total` for `postings`, `series`, and `chunks`. #4095

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: emit `frontend_query_payload_codec_duration_seconds` and `frontend_query_payload_codec_payload_bytes` metrics to measure the time taken and bytes read / written while encoding and decoding query result payloads. #4110

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: track `cortex_frontend_query_payload_codec_duration_seconds` and `cortex_frontend_query_payload_codec_payload_bytes` metrics to measure the time taken and bytes read / written while encoding and decoding query result payloads. #4110
```
